BUILDING.md, before:

# How to build

Install dependencies:

```shell
npm install
```

After that, you can start development server, which will be useful for quickly testing your changes:

```shell
npm start
```

To build the native `peri` you need `Android Studio` installed and all necessary JDK/SDK. To install, follow the instruction <https://developer.android.com/studio/install>.

After installing Android Studio, you need to run the following command:

```shell
npm run build # this command builds production-optimized Peri's code
npm install -g @ionic/cli@7.1.1 # this package will be installed globally to use capacitor
ionic cap build android # generates Android project
```

An `android` directory will be generated and you can open it with `Android Studio` and build the project based on this instruction <https://capacitorjs.com/docs/android>

You can also create a development version of native `peri` using the following `Dockerfile`, just create it in the root of the `peri` project:

```dockerfile
FROM node:latest

WORKDIR /home/

RUN apt-get update && \
  apt-get install -y android-sdk openjdk-17-jdk && \
  wget -q https://redirector.gvt1.com/edgedl/android/studio/ide-zips/2022.2.1.20/android-studio-2022.2.1.20-linux.tar.gz && \
  tar -C /usr/local -xzf android-studio-2022.2.1.20-linux.tar.gz && \
  rm android-studio-2022.2.1.20-linux.tar.gz && \
  wget -q https://dl.google.com/android/repository/commandlinetools-linux-9477386_latest.zip && \
  unzip -q commandlinetools-linux-9477386_latest.zip && \
  mkdir -p /usr/lib/android-sdk/cmdline-tools/latest && \
  mv cmdline-tools/* /usr/lib/android-sdk/cmdline-tools/latest/ && \
  rm commandlinetools-linux-9477386_latest.zip && \
  yes | /usr/lib/android-sdk/cmdline-tools/latest/bin/sdkmanager --licenses && \
  npm -g install @ionic/cli@7.1.1

ENV ANDROID_HOME=/usr/lib/android-sdk/
ENV PATH=$PATH:${ANDROID_HOME}tools/:${ANDROID_HOME}platform-tools/

WORKDIR /home/app

ENTRYPOINT [ "bash" ]
```

And run:

```shell
docker build -t peri-android-env:latest .
```

After that, you can start the container with:

```shell
docker run -it --rm -v $(pwd):/home/app peri-android-env
```

This Docker image already has `@ionic/cli`, `Android Studio` and all necessary JDK/SDK installed. You can just run the following commands to build the `apk` file:

```shell
npm run build # this command builds production-optimized Peri's code
ionic cap build android # generates Android project
cd android
./gradlew assembleDebug
```

The `apk` file will be created at `peri/android/app/build/outputs/apk/debug/`. You can install it on your smartphone. During the installation phase, `Android` will show you a warning that you are trying to install a potentially harmful application, because your app is not signed. To get rid of this warning, you should build the application through `Android Studio` following the instructions above, the `Dockerfile`-based method is only suitable for building a test application so far.

Commit message:

Added `Dockerfile` in the project directory and rewritten manual to build image

BUILDING.md, after:

# How to build

Install dependencies:

```shell
npm install
```

After that, you can start development server, which will be useful for quickly testing your changes:

```shell
npm start
```

To build the native `peri` you need `Android Studio` installed and all necessary JDK/SDK. To install, follow the instruction <https://developer.android.com/studio/install>.

After installing Android Studio, you need to run the following command:

```shell
npm run build # this command builds production-optimized Peri's code
npm install -g @ionic/cli@7.1.1 # this package will be installed globally to use capacitor
ionic cap build android # generates Android project
```

An `android` directory will be generated and you can open it with `Android Studio` and build the project based on this instruction <https://capacitorjs.com/docs/android>

You can also create a development version of native `peri` using the `Docker` image. To to this you should run the following command:

```shell
docker build -f docker/Dockerfile -t peri-android-env:latest .
```

After that, you can start the container with:

```shell
docker run -it --rm -v $(pwd):/home/app peri-android-env
```

This Docker image already has `@ionic/cli`, `Android Studio` and all necessary JDK/SDK installed. You can just run the following commands to build the `apk` file:

```shell
npm run build # this command builds production-optimized Peri's code
ionic cap build android # generates Android project
cd android
./gradlew assembleDebug
```

The `apk` file will be created at `peri/android/app/build/outputs/apk/debug/`. You can install it on your smartphone. During the installation phase, `Android` will show you a warning that you are trying to install a potentially harmful application, because your app is not signed. To get rid of this warning, you should build the application through `Android Studio` following the instructions above, the `Dockerfile`-based method is only suitable for building a test application so far.
